There are too many scenes today, I will tell me ah ah ah
The sea is your 70th birthday today
I wish you good health.
Everything went well.
Isn't this the house of my second brother who was thrown out?
Still have the face to come back?
Brother, what are you saying?
We are all family
Today is Fatty's 70th birthday
Then we must come back.
family
You have long been kicked out by our Liu family
What kind of family are you?
This Liu Qingxue
Let our Liu family become the first laughing stock in Yuncheng
This place.
There's no place for you anymore.
What is this?
We are also victims.
It's about to burn into this white-eyed wolf
Second uncle and aunt
I didn't pay much attention just now
Even if you say you come
Why did you bring this bitch Liu Qingxue too?
No, and this trash
And this little bastard
Keep your mouth clean
What's wrong with Xiao Chen?
Is my brother wrong?
Liu Qingxue brought shame to the family
What is it not built?
What's your mad dog's name?
It was because you two hit me in the first place
Let everyone in Yunchang laugh at us
Now you're putting this trash and this mistress
Bring the seeds to the birthday banquet
Are you trying to piss off grandpa?
I see your family today.
Just to make trouble
Come on, blow them out for me